What's with this island?
Oh, no! They're
already shooting!
[MARINES yelling]
[MARINES groaning]
--[SANJI grunts]
--[MARINES groaning]
[MARINES groan]
[BROOK]
Look out!
[FRANKY]
Aww, crap!
[KOMEI]
I have a plan!
[KOMEI] One that will
bring about the death
of Straw Hat Luffy.
As well as put
a long-overdue end
to the entire
Straw Hat crew!
There's likely not
a soldier among you who has
forgotten the day these
pirates went on a rampage
through Navy Headquarters.
That act of anarchy
is a textbook example
of the Great Pirate Era.
With this presentation,
I ask you to once again
ingrain the faces of
the enemy into your minds.
The swordsman,
pirate hunter Roronoa Zoro!
[MARINES gasping]
[KOMEI] The ship's navigator,
"Cat Burglar" Nami!
[MARINES chuckle]
[KOMEI]
The mysterious sharpshooter
and King of the Snipers,
Sniper King!
The cook of the crew,
"Black Foot" Sanji!
[MARINES laugh]
[gasps] Huh?!
[USOPP]
Whoa! Easy! You startled me!
That was weird. I felt like
I was being laughed at.
[KOMEI] The archeologist,
"Demon Child" Nico Robin!
The shipwright, "Cyborg" Franky!
The musician,
"Humming Swordsman" Brook!
The ship's doctor,
"Cotton Candy Lover" Chopper!
Lastly, an outlaw
as well as the grandson
of Vice Admiral Garp and son
of Dragon the Revolutionary.
The captain... Straw Hat Luffy!
[KOMEI] These nine are
the enemies of the Navy!
I have a plan.
One that I call:
[KOMEI]
Let it commence!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
[LUFFY]
Sanji, I'm hungry!
What's taking so long?
I'm super starving over here!
Meat! Meat! No veggies!
[SANJI grunts]
You are the most
annoying thing ever!
Just wait a minute!
Hungry, hungry, hungry!
Now, now, now!
I found one!
I found a coconut!
[USOPP]
Ooh? For real?
Let me take a look.
[USOPP]
Whoa! Good eye!
Yes, quite impressive!
It's rather far away!
[FRANKY, USOPP chuckle]
[USOPP]
Right!
[USOPP chuckles]
[FRANKY grunts]
[FRANKY gasping]
[BROOK]
And this round goes to Usopp!
Yes!
Damn you!
I'll beat ya next time!
[USOPP]
If you say so!
Ugh, you're kidding.
Pleasure as always!
Come on, Franky!
That's three times in a row now!
[FRANKY]
Shut up!
[USOPP] Who gave you two
permission to bet on us, anyway?
Whoa! Now there's
an empty bottle!
Awesome! I'll sink
that one, too!
That's what you think, brother!
[USOPP] Where's this
soon-to-be-broken bottle?
[CHOPPER]
It's in the same direction
as that weird looking island.
Wait a second!
Huh? What's wrong?
I see a blinking light.
A signal, maybe?
What's the commotion about?
Some signal thingy.
I see it now. That's an SOS!
Wait. What'd he say?
It seems the boys have
spotted a distress signal.
[CHOPPER]
What's with that island?
It's covered in giant mushrooms!
That means more
mushrooms to eat.
Where'd you come from?!
So there's somebody
stranded over there?
Who is it?
Let me take a look.
There's a ship.
Yeah, looks like it's marooned.
A crowd of people on the beach.
I think they're all women. Huh?
Women!
Aww, Sanji! Where's my meat?
[SANJI]
Here.
[USOPP]
Back to more important things.
What should we do?
[SANJI] What any decent
person would do, of course.
When someone is in need,
you help them. End of story.
[CHOPPER] Got a little something
under your nose there, Sanji.
[LUFFY] So, you guys wanna
stop by that island, then?
[FRANKY] I'd say the cook's
not giving us much choice.
[NAMI]
Hey, hold on a second!
[FRANKY, LUFFY]
Huh?
You shouldn't just decide
things without asking us!
What if this messes
with the log pose?
[FRANKY]
I can repair that ship so fast,
the log pose won't even notice.
It'll be fine!
[NAMI] All right.
I guess it's no big deal, then.
Just make sure to
charge them for the repair.
[USOPP]
You are so heartless.
[LUFFY]
That's the Nami I know and love!
[ROBIN] Well, Captain?
Should we help them out?
Yeah, sure! Besides,
that island looks delicious.
Let's go! Starboard helm
at full speed, Nami!
All right, all right.
[SANJI]
Don't worry, ladies!
Your knight in shining armor
is coming to save the day!
[FRANKY] I'm the one
who's gonna do all the work!
[LUFFY] I hope I can
eat a bunch of mushrooms.
[CHOPPER]
This place is beautiful!
[ROBIN] It looks like
it's normally uninhabited.
Nature remains untouched here.
[laughing]
[LUFFY]
Hey! Is everybody okay?
[USOPP]
We saw your distress signal!
[FRANKY]
I'm a shipwright!
I can repair
everything, no problem!
Just hang tight!
Look at the size of
this yummy mushroom!
Whoa, whoa, Luffy.
Wait. Let me find out if
it's edible or not, okay?
But I'm practically
immune to poison!
Would you listen to me?!
There are some poisons that
cause changes to your body,
so just back off!
[CROWD cheering]
[USOPP]
They really are all women.
[CHOPPER] Is anybody hurt?
We're here to help!
I'm a doctor!
[gasps] That ship...
I feel like I've seen it
somewhere before.
And I think...
that's not a good thing.
[SANJI] You're in
good hands now, ladies!
My nouvelle cuisine
will help remedy
pretty much anything!
Idiots. If the Log Pose
starts to change too much,
we're leaving them here.
[ALL cheering]
[SANJI laughing]
[MAN A]
Hey, cutie!
[SANJI grunts]
Some of those ladies
aren't ladies!
Huh? They all look
like women to me.
[SANJI] Only the ones
up front are women!
Behind them, it's--!
--[FOXY laughing]
--[FRANKY grunts]
[FOXY] Just what I'd expect from
Black Foot, the woman chaser!
[SANJI]
Who said that?
[FOXY laughs] It's been a long
time, hasn't it Straw Hats?
I wanted to see you again.
So I looked, and I looked,
and I looked everywhere for you!
What's with that weird,
big-headed lady?
[CHOPPER gasping]
[LUFFY]
Hm? Chopper, what is it?
Well!
Why is he out here
in the New World?
That's right,
Straw Hats, it's me!
Captain of the
infamous Foxy Pirates.
The legendary "Silver Fox" Foxy!
[FOXY PIRATES chuckle]
Heh, surprise!
[HAMBURG laughs]
[FOXY] Remove your disguises
and reveal yourselves!
[FOXY PIRATES laugh]
We're here to take revenge
on you for humiliating us!
[LUFFY gasping]
You're so shocked,
you're speechless!
I've blown your mind!
Wait a sec, who are you again?
[FOXY]
Oh... He doesn't remember me.
[FEMALE FOXY PIRATES]
Boss!
Cheer up, Boss!
Everything'll be okay!
How dare you pretend that
you don't remember him!
[LUFFY]
No, seriously. I don't remember.
[FOXY groans]
[HAMBURG laughs]
Stop that, Hamburg!
This is far from funny!
Do you recognize that guy?
Uh... Yeah...
I think. From that
contest-thingy.
The Davy Back Fight?
Davy Back Fight?
Wait! Yeah!
That pirate game we played
before we went to Water 7!
Took you long enough
to remember, idiot!
[LUFFY]
It's all coming back to me now!
Your name is...
...Split-head Foxtaro, right?
You are getting
on my last nerve!
Yeah, it's been
a long time, huh?
Glad to see you're
doing well, Mister-- Uh...
It's Foxy,
and don't you forget it!
We fought a fierce and
epic battle, you and I!
[ITOMIMIZU]
Today, we have a rare treat,
ladies and gentlemen.
A captain versus
captain showdown!
The Silver Fox, Foxy, versus
Straw Hat Luffy!
[FOXY]
I'm the real thing!
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY]
Why is the floor moving?
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Dear me! Are you ill?
[LUFFY yells]
[FOXY sputtering]
And we won, fair and square.
It's already settled.
Well, I don't know
about all that, but yes.
That match is over,
but I can't just let it go
since you are responsible
for breaking
my undefeated winning streak!
You'll find us to be much
more formidable now.
We're totally different from
the Foxy Pirates we used to be!
Did your head get
even more split?
No way!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Boss!
Screw you, Foxy!
I can't believe
you'd stoop so low
as to fool me with this crap!
We learned about your
personalities and weaknesses
inside and out
during the last battle.
We knew our "damsels
in distress" plan
would be impossible
for you to pass up.
It's called...
[laughs] Because
you're a sappy moron,
it went exactly as planned.
[SANJI]
Shut up!
Good thinking! Yeah,
you sure fooled him!
Put a sock in it, Usopp!
They got you, Sanji.
All right! I'm sorry! Happy now?
Even so. Was leadin'
us into this goofy trap
really worth wrecking
your ship over?
[FOXY laughs]
I already told you.
We are different from
the pirates we used to be.
[FOXY]
Dojaku!
[DOJAKU]
Ready, Boss!
[FOXY]
We're the all-new Foxy Pirates.
And we're about to
show you the brand new Foxy
that suits our updated style!
[DOJAKU]
Hold on to your hats!
[FOXY]
I proudly present...
...The Sexy Foxy!
How the heck did you get
it to transform like that?
[LUFFY, FRANKY, CHOPPER, USOPP]
That is so cool!
I know, right?
[SANJI]
Answer me, dammit!
What a bunch of idiots.
Look at that Jolly Roger.
There's a sight for sore eyes.
[LUFFY]
Ohh! That drawing sucks!
You're the one who
drew the damn thing!
And let me tell you,
I've never forgotten that!
Not for a day!
Not even for a second!
That's why I so eagerly
jumped into the New World.
Propelled by the frustration
of losing to you!
And I've managed to
scrape together
some powerful new crew members!
[USOPP] Through Davy
Back Fights, I presume?
You are correct! Yes!
Just the other day, I got
the most incredible new guy!
Let me introduce him!
He's the shipwright who made
those awesome upgrades
--to the Sexy Foxy!
--[STRAW HATS gasp]
[FOXY] A true artisan,
if there ever was one!
"Mechanical" Dojaku!
[yells]
Well. I gotta tell ya,
I kinda like your style.
It's an honor to be praised
by the great Franky!
I don't blame you.
After all, I am a genius.
But wait, there's more!
Meet our new military tactician
who devised the plan
to lure you in!
He's a devious strategist.
The infamous Straw Hat Pirates!
Truly a pleasure!
I'm Komei of the Foxy Pirates!
[KOMEI cackles]
People call me
"White Feather" Komei.
It's nice to make
your acquaintance.
He doesn't look like
a military tactician to me.
But with that weird personality,
he fits right in with
the rest of Foxy's crew.
You may not believe this,
but Komei used to
be in the Navy.
Huh?!
The Navy?
[SANJI]
Come on, that's ridiculous!
Why would a Navy man
become a pirate?
[FOXY] Because I defeated him
in a Davy Back Fight!
[USOPP]
Look, the Navy wouldn't--
[KOMEI] Rules are rules!
They're meant to be followed!
I may have worn a Navy uniform,
but I'm first and foremost
a man of the sea.
When you agree to a
Davy Back Fight and lose,
you must join the winning crew
with no fuss and no regrets.
[FOXY PIRATES cheer]
He says that like he's proud.
What a jackass.
There are plenty more
new crew members
where these two came
from waiting to meet you!
Now there's only
one reason why
I would lure you
Straw Hats here.
And can you guess what it is?
For a Davy Back Fight rematch!
I assume you'll accept
this challenge?
[FOXY PIRATES]
Fight! Fight!
[USOPP whimpers]
This is getting
interesting, huh.
You've gotta be kidding...
Luffy, turn down that challenge!
[ZORO]
Sorry, but that's impossible.
Huh?
[ZORO] A man isn't a man
if he turns his back
on somethin' like this.
Ugh! Kill me!
Why are pirates such
a bunch of macho morons?
[FOXY PIRATES cheer]
[yells]
Oh well, there's no
going back now.
Yeah. And we know what kind of
dirty tricks these jerks use.
I really don't think we'll
lose anybody this time.
[FOXY PIRATE AA]
Keep going! That's it!
A little higher!
[LUFFY] Gimme 50 of
whatever you've got!
Sure thing!
Frankfurters!
Hot frankfurters on a stick!
[FEMALE PIRATES]
L-O-V-E! Love ya, Boss!
More? Refills are free!
Yeah! Fill 'er up!
[NAMI] Already enjoying
themselves, I see.
[FRANKY] The vibe of
this thing is awesome!
I love it!
By the way,
what's a Davy Back-whatever,
anyway?
Never heard of it?
It's a contest between
two pirate crews
that goes back
hundreds of years.
The goal is to get
new crew members.
The winning team takes their
pick from the loser's crew.
[NAMI]
Chopper was forced to join them
the last time this happened.
That's why's he's a little
freaked out right now.
But you guys ended up
winning, didn't ya?
Well, yeah.
I guess that means you took
someone from their crew?
No we took their Jolly Roger.
Their symbol.
But as a way to make
up for doing so,
Luffy drew them that
work of art they have now.
[LUFFY]
There!
[FOXY PIRATES]
This sucks!
I almost feel sorry for 'em.
What's wrong?
Isn't a Davy Back Fight
a challenge between pirates?
[NAMI] Why would a Navy man
agree to something like that?
[USOPP]
You're right.
Something seems fishy.
[FOXY PIRATE C]
Want some?
These are special-edition
souvenirs for the Davy Back!
Do I ever! I'll take 'em all!
Like hell! We don't need
any of that crap!
[FOXY PIRATE D]
Cool! He's really a robot!
Not a robot. I am a cyborg.
[FOXY PIRATE D]
He speaks in robot language!
Super!
Stop all this screwing around!
Okay! It's time for
both crews to pledge
to follow the three rules
about losing!
First rule: There's only one way
that you can take back anything
you lose in a Davy Back Fight.
And that, of course, is through
another Davy Back Fight.
Second rule: anyone
taken by the winner
must swear loyalty
to that ship's captain.
Third rule: if your
Jolly Roger is taken,
you can never sail under
that sign again!
If you break any
of these rules,
you'll be considered
dishonorable pirates
and sent down to Davy Jones's
Locker at the bottom of the sea!
Everybody swear!
I swear.
I shwear.
Okay, then! I hereby announce
the Three Coin Game!
Standard rules, of course.
Here we go!
Yes! And with that,
it's under way!
Foxy's revenge match
against the Straw Hats!
Let the Davy Back Fight begin!
As you recall, our boss
lost his first battle after
920 straight victories
to the Straw Hats.
However, after that,
he was winning
battle after battle!
I'm sure we're in for
a good match once again!
Now, the much-anticipated
first round!
The eating contest!
Interestingly enough, the food
for this contest is mushrooms
harvested from this very island!
Lucky me! I wish I was in
an eating contest every day!
Never seen these before.
I wonder if they're okay to eat.
For me, they are.
Poisons don't really
hurt me anymore.
But what if they explode
once they're inside you?
[CHOPPER]
Don't eat them!
I can't find that
mushroom anywhere!
How do we know those
things are safe to eat?
I assure you they are.
Tell them.
They're a recently discovered
new type of mushroom
not found in any book.
But they are not poisonous.
There's no need to worry.
[ITOMIMIZU]
Okay!
It's time to introduce the
members of both teams!
First up, the Straw Hat team!
The captain, Straw Hat Luffy.
The cook, Sanji.
And the musician, Brook!
[SANJI]
So stupid.
[yells]
Hey, Nami! If I win,
will you show me your--?
[NAMI]
No! You will never see them!
The challengers from
Foxy's team are:
"Full Dash Freak, himself"
Hamburg!
[HAMBURG laughs]
You can count on me!
[ITOMIMIZU]
The genius shipwright, Dojaku!
[DOJAKU laughing]
[ITOMIMIZU] And the only girl
competing in this round,
our idol, Porche!
Hello! Thank you
for your support!
[FOXY PIRATES cheer]
[ITOMIMIZU] Now I'll explain
the rules of this round.
They're quite simple.
Whichever team eats the
most mushrooms, wins!
The time limit for this
contest is three minutes.
Through careful measurement,
we've checked and double-checked
that each team has
the same amount.
You sure you can handle
an eating contest?
Totally! I may not look it,
but I'm a big eater.
Look at that. They've been
grilled to perfection.
Honestly, I could eat
all of these on my own!
[laughs] You can count
on me, Captain!
I've quite the appetite.
And my stomach is quite
literally a bottomless pit!
Having said that, I don't
really have a stomach!
Bet you didn't see
that one coming!
[HAMBURG]
My, aren't you the funny one?
[KOMEI]
Objection!
What's the problem?
The Straw Hat's contestants
have an unfair advantage.
What's that? You got a problem
with our lineup, ex-Navy man?
[KOMEI]
That's right, I do!
Since it's an eating contest,
all those competing
must have a stomach!
Therefore,
I feel I must blow the whistle
on Brook, the musician.
Oh! You're right!
[STRAW HATS] Yeah, that's
a really good point!
Wait! Are you actually
agreeing with him?
That means we'll have
a two-man team!
[LUFFY] I told you,
I can do this on my own!
Idiot! Anything could happen
in a Davy Back Fight!
Don't you remember
what went down last time?
Chopper almost became
part of the Foxy crew!
This round hasn't started yet!
Listen, we'll accept
his complaint, just let us
sub in a new team member!
[FOXY] Don't be ridiculous!
"No change allowed
in competitors" is in
the rules, stupid!
[CHOPPER whimpers]
That may be true, but it's okay.
Let's allow the substitution.
Huh?
They accepted the complaint,
so let's make an
exception to the rule.
Who will compete in his place?
What gives?
That's not a good strategy!
Why is this newbie trying
to go over the boss' head?
[HAMBURG laughs]
What do you think?
I have no idea what the other
games are gonna be like.
But there's only one of our crew
that can eat anywhere near
as much as Luffy.
Zoro! You think you can do it?
[ZORO] Damn it. Looks like
I don't have any choice.
Let's just get this
thing over with.
[FOXY PIRATES cheer]
Sorry for all the trouble.
No problem,
don't worry about it.
I was actually gettin'
tired of drinkin' so much.
That's great.
Way to go, Usopp.
Why did you sub in this clown?
Don't screw this up, moss head.
He's just worried because our
swirly-browed, pervert cook
keeps having nosebleeds.
[SANJI, ZORO grunting]
Cut it out, you idiots!
Get ready!
[ITOMIMIZU]
There!
Both teams are accounted for
and ready to begin!
It's time to start the match!
Oh? What's this then?
Uh-oh.
It seems we neglected to mention
one last rule to this match.
The rule is this:
"No one except for
the competitors
are allowed to be
up on the stage."
If any other member of
the crew breaks that rule,
they must forfeit the match!"
Has that always been a rule?
Can we just start already?
All right! Let the first
round begin now!
This is it! The beginning
of the revenge match!
Which crew will walk
away the winner?
Incidentally, I am Itomimizu,
event commentator
and your humble host.
It looks like the Straw Hat crew
is off to a strong start!
Look at them pack away
those mushrooms!
I can't believe how
much they're eating!
Let's check in on their
opponents, the Foxy team.
What the--? What the heck?
Dojaku hasn't even
started eating!
What on earth is he doing?
What gives,
why aren't you eating?
[DOJAKU]
Because I have a plan.
I'm waiting to eat until later.
To give us a big finish!
[PORCHE]
Hamburg!
Whoa. What's wrong with you?
Say something!
It looks like he's getting sick.
What is going on here?
Ahh!
The Straw Hat team
looks sick, too!
They've all stopped eating!
Whoa, they're all turning blue!
They were poisonous!
Hamburg, please!
Stay with me now.
Oh, no. What's happening?
Hey. I don't--
[ITOMIMIZU]
This is unbelievable!
Everyone who was
eating the mushrooms
has suddenly collapsed!
They need medicine!
I know, but if I can't figure
out what kind of poison it is,
I can't neutralize it!
Dammit! Then we need to take
a closer look at them!
[CHOPPER]
Right!
Not so fast, you two!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Huh?
[KOMEI]
If you climb up on that stage,
your team forfeits the match!
What? Come on, this is
clearly an emergency!
[NAMI]
It's for your team, too!
I'm sorry, but rules are rules.
He's out of his mind! That jerk!
Boss, please!
Call off the Davy Back Fight!
They're dying up there!
Dying?
What's that?
You want to call off the fight?
But it's already started!
Shut up, you! Your crewmates
are suffering up there!
What's more this whole eating
contest was your idea
in the first place!
You're responsible for
anything that happens!
I told you,
they're not poisonous.
No one will die
from eating them.
[grunts] Then how do you explain
what's going on
up on that stage?
Just watch and see
what happens, Captain.
Dojaku!
[DOJAKU]
Right!
[ITOMIMIZU]
Huh...?
[DOJAKU grunts]
[DOJAKU laughs]
Hey! What are you doing?
Ah!
It looks like those affected
on the Foxy team
are feeling better
and getting up!
All of the Straw Hats seem to
be slowly recuperating, too!
[USOPP, NAMI]
Thank goodness!
Those mushrooms did
a number on 'em!
[CHOPPER]
Luffy! Zoro! Sanji!
Say something!
Are you feeling numbness
anywhere on your body?
Are you nauseous?
[LUFFY]
I feel sick.
[CHOPPER]
Sick? In what way?
Describe your symptoms!
They're alive, at least!
Maybe they just need
a little pick-me-up.
Food doesn't make someone
with food poisoning
feel better, you idiot!
We'll see about that!
[LUFFY groans]
Uh?
Don't wanna eat...
Luffy!
Wait. What did he just say?
[ITOMIMIZU] Well they may be up,
but the Straw Hat crew
doesn't look so good.
I'm no doctor, but I know
misery when I see it.
Aww, man.
I don't think I can move.
I don't wanna move.
[ITOMIMIZU] It's the same
with the Foxy team!
[grumbling]
I feel terrible.
[ITOMIMIZU] Everyone's just
curled up and sitting.
What's happening?
They look awful!
Such a sad state.
No kidding. What did those
mushrooms do to them?
[KOMEI chuckles]
Wouldn't you like to know!
What did you do, Komei!
Huh? He's gone.
[KOMEI]
I'm right here.
[FOXY] Huh? How'd you
get up there so fast?
[KOMEI] Soldiers value
speed above quality.
I'm glad you could witness
my plan in action.
It's called...
What the hell?!
What are you doing, carrying out
plans without my permission?
I do so because I don't
need your permission.
Now, Dojaku!
[DOJAKU grunts]
[ITOMIMIZU whimpers]
[PIRATES gasping]
[NAMI]
What's that?
[FRANKY]
Some kind of cage?
[ROBIN] Why would he capture
his own crewmates?
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
[FOXY] Explain yourself!
What's going on?!
[KOMEI laughs]
This is not how a
Davy Back Fight works!
I'll ask you again--
what's the meaning of this?
Your crewmates
were just a bonus.
[FOXY]
You're not making any sense!
My primary target was
the Straw Hat Pirates!
Though only three
are incapacitated.
I won't stop until I've captured
every single one of them!
Luffy!
That creep! I knew there was
something fishy about all this.
Enough of this crap!
You lost the Davy Back
Fight fair and square!
Then you swore
your loyalty to me!
You can't just go around
doing whatever you like!
Just shut up, already!
[gasping]
[KOMEI] There's no way I would
actually allow myself to become
the subordinate of
someone like you!
I lost that ridiculous
contest on purpose
as a means to accomplish
my own plan!
I wanted to lure the Straw Hats
into another Davy Back Fight
with you as a means to
catch them off-guard!
[FOXY]
Wait. What?
[KOMEI]
And even though it was part of
my plan, it was humiliating
pretending to serve
under someone like you!
[FOXY]
Your plan?
[KOMEI]
Yes!
Hey, Split-Head!
Explain yourself!
Look. I honestly don't
know what's going on!
Enough of this babbling!
Now!
[FOXY PIRATES gasping]
[DOJAKU grunts]
What the hell?!
He's taking the whole cage,
and them with it!
Good job, excellent work.
Huh?!
[FRANKY]
Slow your roll, chump!
Just where do you think
you're runnin' off to
with our captain and crewmates?
[BROOK yells]
That thing's hard!
Bastard! Just what in the hell
have you done to them?
I thought I explained my plan.
Weren't you listening?
[FRANKY] I'm askin' what kind
of crap you made 'em eat!
Oh. The Drowsy Mushroom,
only found on this island.
It is said that all those
who eat it will grow weary
and lose their will to fight.
That's why you forced me
out of the match!
You weren't sure those mushrooms
would work on me!
[KOMEI] Exactly! And I knew
Pirate Hunter Zoro
would be asked to
compete in your place.
Chopper! It's called
the Drowsy Mushroom!
[CHOPPER]
Gotcha!
So? Is it in there?
[KOMEI]
It's no use.
I told you, it was only
discovered recently.
There's no information
on it in that book.
So far, we've only found
one way to free someone
from the effects of
a Drowsy Mushroom--
eat a Rebound Mushroom!
Another fungal curiosity
found only on this island.
I see. Thanks for that.
Huh?
I'm back!
[CHOPPER, NAMI]
All right!
Nice one, Robin!
Ah! Dammit! Straw Hat
ate the antidote!
--[KOMEI] Don't worry about it.
--Uh?!
Let's just continue
pulling the cage in.
[DOJAKU]
Roger! You got it!
No. Luffy!
[LUFFY]
On it!
What an idiot.
Even I can't bend those bars!
[LUFFY grunting]
[DOJAKU]
What kind of freak is he?
[LUFFY] Zoro! Sanji!
Let's get outta here!
--Hey!
--[CHOPPER] Luffy! Behind you!
[DOJAKU grunting]
Come on, guys!
Wake up and move!
[FOXY gasping]
And now for the next
part of my plan.
Come out, subordinates!
Reveal yourselves!
Ship-bottom squad here!
We're all ready
and awaiting orders!
Excellent to hear.
It's time to withdraw!
Oh, no! The ship is leaving!
You're not going anywhere!
[DOJAKU grunting]
Gum-Gum Rocket...!
What happened?!
He's having trouble
standing in the sand!
[LUFFY]
Damn you!
Gimme back my friends!
Ah. Just as expected.
So predictable.
[gasping]
[LUFFY grunting, screams]
[NAMI]
Luffy!
[USOPP]
No! He fell into the sea!
It deflects pursuers
with a slick coating.
It's called...
Come on. You just
poured some oil there.
[LUFFY]
Dammit.
Komei!
Scream all you want.
There's nothing you
can do to stop me now.
Listen up, Straw Hats!
This must be frustrating.
Wanting to save your friends,
but helpless to do so.
I won't run or hide
from your pursuit.
Come out and face me!
Here!
[USOPP gasping]
That looks like an Eternal Pose.
[KOMEI]
I'll be expecting you!
Don't underestimate me!
I still have an ace
in the hole, Komei!
Have a taste of
my Slow-Slow Beam!
[USOPP]
It's beam time!
Huh? What the hell?
[ALL gasping]
[KOMEI]
You're also quite predictable.
Which is why I prepared
a countermeasure!
Your power's weakness
gave me an idea,
so I came up with
a little something.
It's an interception
device that's called...
Specular Reflection Maneuver!
Damn...
[KOMEI laughs]
[KOMEI] Now, struggle against
the power of my maneuvers!
Straw Hat Luffy, your friends'
lives are now in my hands!
[KOMEI] Pirate Hunter and Black
Foot can't even move now.
However... Straw Hat
managed to escape.
I predicted that
would be the case.
That's why I mentioned the cure.
I knew what they'd do
once they heard about
the Rebound Mushroom.
Oh, really? You did?
It's time for the next
stage of the plan.
Go spread the news.
I want everything ready.
Yes, sir!
[USOPP grunting]
[PIRATES grunt]
[FOXY PIRATES yelp]
[FOXY PIRATES]
There! We're back!
[FOXY growls]
[USOPP sighs]
[FRANKY] That was trippy! What's
up with this Slow-Slow crap?
[USOPP]
Oh! Foxy ate a Devil Fruit, too.
It was the Slow Slow Fruit,
giving him slow abilities.
So anything that's exposed to
his Slow-Slow Beam slows down
for about 30 seconds or so.
Almost like they're frozen.
[BROOK]
Thirty seconds, eh?
Imagine that. It felt longer.
[FRANKY] But that nut-job
slowed himself down, too.
Pretty pathetic, if you ask me.
[LUFFY grunts]
Zoro. Sanji.
They could've captured all
of us if they wanted to.
Why'd they leave?
What are those guys up to?
And they told us about the
Rebound Mushroom, as well.
It doesn't make any sense.
[NAMI]
Yeah, you're right.
He also invited us to follow
him, and gave us this.
It's a trap. Without a doubt.
Yes, you're right.
And that Vice Admiral...
He turned out to be quite
the tactician, huh.
[LUFFY]
Let's go.
Now!
That's the spirit!
Even if it's a trap,
we still gotta go!
We must save Zoro and Sanji, no
matter what they have planned!
A little Rebound Mushroom
should heal them right up!
Which means we need to scout
around and find some!
Leave it to me!
I'll find 'em, for sure!
[ROBIN] Is this enough of
a lead, Mister Bloodhound?
[CHOPPER sniffs]
I held one in my hand earlier.
Is the scent still there?
Yep! Now I know exactly
what to look for!
[BROOK] And I'll help you
out in the best way I can.
I'll come with you,
but not just conventionally.
If I separate my
body from my soul,
there's no limit to
my field of search!
[FOXY screams]
Straw Hat!
Who's this amazing
new crew member?
[LUFFY] It's Brook!
He's a living legend,
[USOPP] "Living" isn't exactly
how I'd describe him...
Sorry about this.
[FOXY]
Huh?
[LUFFY] I'm the only one
who ate the Rebound Mushroom.
I should apologize to you.
I kind of set you guys up
and led you into a trap.
I'm sorry.
Heh!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[CHOPPER]
Luffy! You go on ahead.
I'll catch up with you
after I find the mushroom.
[LUFFY]
Got it!
With this, you'll
catch up in no time.
[CHOPPER]
Thanks, Franky.
[BROOK]
Take these with you.
[FRANKY]
Sure.
I'll put these into
his hands myself.
[LUFFY]
Good luck! I'm counting on you!
[FOXY]
Hey, Straw Hat!
Wait a sec!
[CHOPPER]
Hm?
You're not the only ones who had
your crewmembers
taken, you know.
[FOXY PIRATES crying]
[FOXY]
They took our ship, too!
I know I have no right
to ask this of you...
But I wanna do right
by my crew, as well!
[FOXY PIRATE BB]
Boss!
[FOXY]
Please, take me with you.
I beg you!
[FOXY PIRATES cry]
[LUFFY chuckles]
Come on.
[FOXY gasping]
[LUFFY]
Split-Head!
[FOXY]
He called me Split-Head again!
[laughing]
[KANSHO]
Come on, Boss, stop!
[CAPOTE] Don't take that!
Call him a name!
[KANSHO] Or just blow it off
and forget it!
[gasping]
[FOXY] This is no time
to be feeling down, guys!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Yeah!
I'm in debt to you,
Straw Hat Luffy.
Cut the crap and just
get onboard already!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Boss, no!
Right! Everyone aboard!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Yeah!
"Everyone"?
Have you lost your mind?
It's obvious that many
would overload the ship!
Think about the size
of the Sunny!
[FOXY]
Wait! Wait! Wait!
I appreciate your commitment,
but I'm the one
responsible for this.
Please allow me to take care
of this without you.
I'll rescue Porche and Hamburg.
No matter what the cost!
[FOXY PIRATES chattering]
Um, excuse me, Boss.
Yes, what is it, Kansho?
I would really like it if you'd
allow me to accompany you.
I'm still relatively
new to your crew,
so I wanna prove myself to you
and help out somehow!
Also... Sharpshooter!
[USOPP]
Hm? Uh. You mean me?
[KANSHO] Your skills are
as good as they say!
I'm quite impressed!
You really are the
consummate marksman!
[laughs] Come on!
You're making me blush!
The Navy's our enemy!
I know they'll use projectile
weapons against you!
Let's go gun-for-gun!
Allow me to fight by your side!
Right! Hop on board, Gonzo!
[KANSHO]
My name... is Kansho...
[USOPP grunts]
There.
Okay, refueling completed!
Ready when you are, Captain!
[LUFFY]
All right!
Let's get moving!
Time to save our friends!
[FOXY PIRATES chattering]
We need to move, too.
Right. Lead the way, my friend.
[CAPOTE]
Hey, wait a second!
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
Let us help you.
The more people
you have searching,
the faster you'll find them!
[laughing]
[laughs] Yes, thank you!
[LUFFY]
The Davy Back Fights are fun.
I wish we could've
played some new games.
I can't believe we're working
together, side-by-side.
Well, this time,
we have the same goal,
so it only makes sense.
To be honest, it's been terrible
since I lost to you.
[BOTH laughing]
[CROWD laughing]
[FOXY] That Jolly Roger you drew
became a symbol for defeat.
No matter how many
Davy Back Fights I won,
as long as we had
that Jolly Roger,
people only know me as "the man
who was beaten by Straw Hat."
Komei was the first person in a
long time not to laugh at me.
[KOMEI] As long as you're
tied to your past,
time stands still.
You cannot move forward.
Now it seems that was
part of his plan, too.
Doesn't sound like me, does it?
[LUFFY]
Yeah, it kinda does.
[FOXY groans]
You always say whatever you're
thinking, despite the sting!
[LUFFY] Well, it does sound
like you, at least a little!
[FOXY groaning]
Why did you say it twice?
Zoro was the first one
to join my crew.
Well, what a coincidence!
My first crew members
were Porche and Hamburg.
No matter how many crew members
have come and gone through
Davy Back Fights, those two
have always been with me.
[LUFFY] When I become
King of the Pirates,
I want my crew by my side.
That shouldn't happen
without them.
[LUFFY]
They're my friends.
[laughs] And as a token
of our friendship,
I give you this!
Ah! Wow! Thanks a lot!
[FOXY] While I'm at it,
here's a big treat!
One for each member
of the Straw Hat crew!
[pins laugh]
Yeah, no thanks.
Come on, guys! Put 'em on!
[pins laughing]
Those things are embarrassing.
No thanks, I'll pass.
What? But they're the coolest!
[laughing]
It's so beautiful!
Two opposing forces
joining together
to face a formidable foe!
Here! Have one!
[USOPP]
Nah. I'm trying to quit.
Here you go!
Thanks for the pin-badge!
Thanks to Straw Hat!
[LUFFY] Let's eat up so
we're ready for action!
Sounds good!
[LUFFY] We're comin' for you,
Weirdo Fan Guy!
[PORCHE gasps]
What do you wanna
do with these two?
To be honest, I have no
real interest in them.
But since they're pirates,
we can't just set
them free, can we.
We'll execute them along
with the Straw Hat scum.
[BOTH whimper]
[SANJI, ZORO gasp]
No problems here, sir.
They're sitting nice and quiet.
[BOTH whimpering]
That's a lot of trembling
for such notorious pirates.
How pitiful.
Feeling lonely in there?
Your friends will
join you soon enough.
Keep your chin up!
[KOMEI laughs]
[CHOPPER]
That's not it.
Not it, either.
Maybe this one?
That's not it, either! Aw...
[BROOK] We just have to
keep looking, patiently.
[BROOK, CHOPPER gasping]
[BROOK, CHOPPER scream]
[BOTH panting]
Oh, wow!
I thought my heart was going to
pop right out of my chest!
Although... I don't
really have a heart, so...
[BROOK sneezes]
[CHOPPER sneezes]
[CHOPPER groaning]
I almost sneezed my face off!
We should call this one
the Sneeze Mushroom.
[ITOMIMIZU]
Hey, guys!
What's wrong? Did something
happen to you two?
[BROOK]
No! Stay away! Stay away!
[ALL sneezing]
Ah, gross!
He said, "Stay away."
[CAPOTE]
That's one heck of a steel trap!
Hold on. That wouldn't
happen to be
some sort of Foxy trickery,
would it?
[CAPOTE]
No, of course not!
Take a look!
See?
I guess Komei the strategist
had a back-up plan.
Huh?
What is it, Brook?
Shh! The situation
has changed, Chopper.
Something's wrong.
I can feel it in my bones.
Literally.
We're surrounded.
[BROOK]
Look out!
Is that the island?
Yeah, for sure.
The needle's pointing
right at it.
I see a pirate ship closing
in from the west, sir!
It has the Straw
Hat's Jolly Roger!
Here they come.
Prepare to ambush them!
Take the crane-wing formation
and surround the ship!
[MARINE K]
Yes, sir.
Just as I thought.
It's an ambush!
They're splittin' up so they can
attack us from both sides.
This is bad.
Since they're all
over the place,
even the Gaon Cannon
can't help us!
[KOMEI]
I studied the sea battles
of the Straw Hats closely.
This plan exploits
their weaknesses,
like their lack of gunners.
Oh, no! They're
already shooting!
What about a Coup de Burst?
[FRANKY] We can't!
It's too late for that!
[FOXY]
Just leave it to me!
Slow-Slow... Beam!
That's better.
And Slower! Slower!
Slower!
Slower! Slower!
Slower! Slower! Slower!
Slower!
Whoa, he stopped all of them!
[LUFFY]
What?
That's awesome!
[FOXY]
They're not completely stopped,
but when I use Slower-Slower,
it certainly looks like it.
Cool!
How long will they
stay like this?
Oh, the usual 30 seconds.
Wait, it's stronger,
but it's not longer?
That's not much help.
Shut up!
You have no idea how hard that
maneuver was to master!
It's a heartbreaking story
full of tears and tragedy.
--Wanna hear it?
--Nah, not really.
So cold!
Our 30 seconds are almost up.
Crap, you're right!
How about it, Franky?
[FRANKY] Thanks to that
extra time, we can!
Everybody grab on to
somethin' and hold tight!
Coup de Burst!
[MARINES whimpering]
[LUFFY]
Whoa! Tough luck for the Navy.
Way to go, boss! You did it!
Six Navy ships are now kaput!
See that? Ha!
Behold! The power
of Slower-Slower!
Yeah, pretty cool! I like it!
It's useful, depending
on how you use it.
Well, it's a pain if
the user is our enemy.
Sir! All ships disabled!
The Straw Hats.
They-- They've broken
through the ambush fleet!
Confirming seven from the pirate
ship landed on the island.
They're climbing the outer
rim of the crater!
I've received a report stating
two Devil Fruit power holders
have remained behind on
the Mushroom Island.
[KOMEI]
Excellent.
That was the entire point behind
telling them about the cure.
[LUFFY]
Hey! Split-Head!
Pick up the pace!
[FOXY]
Shut up!
Keep going, boss!
You can do it!
Going Slow-Slow, I can do.
But going fast is
a bunch of crap!
What's with this island?
Interesting.
This type of formation
is called a caldera.
And take a look.
There appears to be
a volcanic vent in the basin.
[NAMI] But that looks like
water vapor coming out of it.
Not like volcanic smoke, at all.
Uh. Whatever this place is,
I can tell you it's a
Navy Base, for sure.
Take a look at those buildings
sticking out of the rock towers.
They certainly give off that
"there is no escape" vibe.
More warships offshore, too.
[MARINE L]
I've got a visual on them!
One... Two...
Looks like seven.
And I'm fairly certain
it's the Straw Hat crew.
Report that info
to the Vice Admiral!
Okay, then. It's time to put
the second plan into motion.
[KOMEI]
I bid you welcome, Straw Hats!
Allow me to introduce
myself properly.
Special Operations Advisor
of the Navy's Strategic
Tactics R and D Division,
Vice Admiral Komei!
That's too long.
[LUFFY]
Where are you, Weirdo Fan Guy?
[KOMEI] Do you think I'm just
going to tell you outright?
That wouldn't be any fun at all!
Let's just say I'm somewhere
on one of these rock towers.
Your friends are here, too.
[ROBIN] He's using the
echoes to his advantage.
I can't tell where
he's speaking from.
[USOPP]
One of those rock towers, huh?
That doesn't exactly
narrow it down!
You think he's
telling the truth?
You never know with this guy.
I'd say it's a 50-50 chance
of goin' either way.
[LUFFY] Why're you making
this so hard to figure out?!
If you wanna fight me,
then come out and fight me!
[KOMEI]
I'm actually after all of you.
I suggest you focus
on finding your friends.
I know!
Let's make it a game.
You have until daybreak tomorrow
to find your crewmates.
Rescue them before the sun
rises above the horizon.
If you do that, you win. If you
fail, rest assured that you
will fall into my clutches
and become my prisoners.
Those are my terms.
You won't get a better offer.
I'd hurry, the clock is ticking.
[KOMEI laughs]
[ROBIN] It would seem he's
after the entire crew.
[FRANKY] He's obviously
tryin' to capture us!
The whole place looks
like one big boobytrap!
[USOPP]
Yeah, you said it.
Oh. What a horrible time to come
down with a case of, uh...
[STRAW HATS]
Enough of that!
[USOPP]
And I'm better.
[NAMI] A few traps aren't
gonna stop us, right?
No way. We're going.
I figured.
The Navy's here for us,
and there's not much
we can do about that.
That said,
they picked a fight
with the wrong guys.
'Cause I'm gonna save my friends
and nothing's gonna stop me!
Do your worst, pirates.
Straw Hat is the coolest!
You're beginning to see
why I respect him so much.
He wants this to be a game, huh.
I don't have time
for hide and seek!
I'll just crush all
these towers at once!
[KANSHO]
Wait. Didn't he say
our friends were in
one of those towers?
Too late to stop him now.
Eh, I'm sure they'll
be fine, either way.
[KANSHO]
Are... Are these guys serious?
No plan, as usual, huh.
Apparently.
Okay, here we go!
[MARINES scream]
Gum-Gum Hawk Gatling!
[LUFFY yelling]
[MARINES scream]
[gasps]
[ROBIN gasping]
[NAMI]
Wh-What's wrong?
[ROBIN]
My strength...
[NAMI] Whoa, whoa!
What did they do to you?
[ROBIN]
It feels like...
[LUFFY grunting]
[USOPP]
Hey!
[NAMI]
You, too? What's going on?
I don't know!
It's like something's
grabbing me and--
It's making me feel weak!
[NAMI]
Like Sea Prism Stone?
Yeah, but it's different!
It's wrapping up
around my hands!
It feels like a plant
or something!
What is that?
[NAMI]
Quick! Grab him!
He's getting pulled by
his own stretched limbs!
[USOPP]
Coming!
What kinda plant is this?
[KANSHO]
What's going on down there?
[FOXY]
I'm not sure.
Straw Hat and the
arm girl are losing it.
[gasps] They're gonna open fire!
--[NAMI gasps]
--[USOPP screams]
[FRANKY]
Star Shield!
[NAMI]
That thing?!
[FOXY yelping]
[USOPP, LUFFY groaning]
Worked perfectly!
Far from perfect!
[LUFFY grunting]
Wait. Where's Robin?
That plant again.
[ROBIN grunts]
[ROBIN gasps]
Robin? Hey, where are you?
Say something!
Robin, is that you?
[FOXY groaning] What's going on
with these crazy plants?
Be careful, boss!
Where's Robin, dammit?
Honestly, I have no idea!
Take it easy!
What's up with this plant?
It doesn't look like it
can move or anything.
[sniffs]
Smells like sea water.
Wait, don't tell me it's--!
[KOMEI] You're a quick-witted
one, aren't you?
[gasping]
[KOMEI] That plant requires
seawater to grow,
and is indigenous
to this island.
For some reason,
it can sense when
someone has Devil Fruit powers
and coils around them.
The biology of these
plants is unexplained,
but they've been proven
to have the same effect
as Sea Prism Stone.
As you can imagine,
it's a very useful plant
for a normal person
such as myself.
Oh, and I noticed you were
searching for Nico Robin.
I've just been informed that
we've successfully captured her.
You what?
[KOMEI]
Those with Devil Fruit powers,
especially the ones who choose
the criminal life of piracy,
tend to be overconfident when it
comes to using their abilities.
You don't pay much attention
to your surroundings.
It's a great strategy that
seizes upon that weak point.
It's called...
[laughing] This is just
the beginning!
There are many more eye-popping
secrets to behold here!
Deadly secrets that leave those
who've eaten a Devil Fruit
utterly powerless.
[KOMEI laughs]
Your generation is pathetic!
Those who are entirely
dependent on their abilities
are no match for cleverly-
calculated plans!
Do what you like,
I'll still have you all
in a prison cell before sunrise!
This island was given to us
by the god of the sea!
It kills those with
Devil Fruit powers!
The island of fog,
known as Nebulandia!
[KOMEI laughs]
Ugh. I hate that guy.
My "Fear of Unknown
Islands"-osis is flaring up.
Your what?
The island of fog, huh.
[KOMEI grunts]
What a passionate speech!
I found myself getting
quite emotional.
That's not really like me.
It's understandable.
After so much preparation,
we finally get to
execute your plan.
You have a point there.
Finding this island
was a stroke of luck.
It's exactly what we needed.
It solves the query: How can
ordinary humans hope to stand up
to those with
Devil Fruit powers?
How can a soldier stop a pirate
with such strength?
It gave us more
than just a plan.
It gave us a much-needed
geographical advantage.
Yes!
The island itself has proven
to be their worst nightmare.
It naturally exercises the
"Ability Nullification
Maneuver"!
The bait was carefully laid out,
and our prey has been lured in,
exactly as I designed.
I don't get it.
Those of us who've eaten Devil
Fruits have gained powers
most ordinary humans have
little defense against.
But in doing so, we also
inherited the wrath of the sea.
Wrath of the sea?
Legend has it that Devil Fruits
are actually incarnations
of the Sea Devil. Even just
the slightest bit of seawater
can weaken a power holder.
So if they ever
fall into the sea...
Unless someone's there to help
them, they won't come back up.
And everything on this island
is like Sea Prism Stone.
What's that, exactly?
Special stones that contain the
same properties as seawater.
What? Are you saying...?
The Navy has handcuffs for power
holders forged from that stuff.
And since it has basically the
same effect on 'em as seawater,
it renders them powerless.
[KANSHO] No way!
That means this entire island
is a danger zone for them!
After that Davy Back trap, he
left Luffy behind on purpose.
He knew we'd take
the bait and come here
where he could capture us all.
Locking up Zoro and Sanji,
who don't have Devil Fruit
powers, was smart.
This island weakens
a lot of the rest of us.
Screw a bunch of you, Navy!
[LUFFY]
Who cares? So what?
Weirdo Fan Guy!
There's no way I'm
leaving this island
until I take everybody back!
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY grunting]
Dammit!
Luffy!
[gasps]
You can't do that!
Stay down till we have a plan!
I hate this guy!
The more you try to do anything,
the more you get hurt.
This is the worst place ever!
Stupid island.
Damn it all!
Sharpshooter! This is exactly
when sniping is needed!
Yeah! Right!
[FRANKY gulping, exhales]
[FRANKY] Let's super show 'em
what we're made of!
All right! Is everybody ready?
--[KANSHO] You bet!
--[USOPP] Hell, yeah!
Let's do this!
Coup de Vent!
[FRANKY chuckles]
Huh?
[ALL gasping, scream]
Guys!
Damn island!
Everything here will kill ya!
Now it's my turn!
Have some Clima-tact!
Black Ball!
A lightning rod?!
Crap! These Navy bastards
thought of everything!
If they thought this far ahead,
then Chopper and Brook...
They're probably in trouble.
They got caught covering for us.
[CHIRP CHIRP, CHOPPER sniff]
Go, Chirp Chirp! Take these
two and get outta here!
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
We'll take care of all these
Navy clowns. You guys find
that Rebound Mushroom
no matter what it takes!
--[CHOPPER gasps]
--You can count on us!
[CHIRP CHIRP]
Chirp, chirp!
We've gotta save them somehow!
[CHOPPER grunts]
Huh?
Take a look at what
they're carrying.
[CHOPPER]
Sea Prism Stone handcuffs?
If we get those things
slapped on our wrists,
we won't be able to use
our Devil Fruit powers.
Remember what he said:
Finding the Rebound Mushroom
is our first priority.
[CHOPPER grunts]
Chirp, chirp...
Hang on. We'll be back to
save you, no matter what.
[ALL]
Huh?
[ALL scream]
[roars]
[RANDOM MARINE A]
Vice Admiral Komei.
There's a call from Vice
Admiral Tsuru at HQ.
Nice to hear from you,
Great Advisor.
[TSURU]
How is everything going?
If I know you, I'd wager you're
having the time of your life
carrying out this maneuver.
Don't be silly. This is work.
But to answer your
question, yes,
the operation is going as
smoothly as initially planned.
[TSURU] I should certainly
hope that it is
since I assigned you enough
troops to stop an army.
It won't be long
before the sun sets.
That will begin the next phase.
When all is said and done,
I promise you this:
Every single Straw
Hat will fall.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Click.
I hope you're right
about all this.
We shouldn't disappoint
Great Advisor.
Please. Don't be a fool.
This isn't for her
praise or approval.
I have no interest in things
of such a fleeting nature.
Huh?
[KOMEI] The remaining
six will soon be mine.
There will be no mistakes.
[FRANKY]
Huh?
What do we have here?
[LUFFY]
Jerk-plant!
--[footsteps]
--Huh?
I found a place we can
go underground!
It's beneath that
rock tower we blasted.
Oh, yeah? If we go that way,
will it lead us to
Zoro and Sanji?
No way to know, for sure.
I can say there's a whole bunch
of machines down there.
I bet if we head in there and
destroy a bunch of 'em, we might
be able to sabotage this rock
tower defense system.
Right! Let's go!
Problem is, it's filled
with seawater.
[LUFFY grunts]
From the looks of it,
I'd say it's flowing
into the ground of
this entire island.
Well, that's just great!
This crappy island sure sucks
for any power holders.
There's no choice.
It's you and me, Franky.
Count me in!
It might be a better idea
for you to stay behind
with your boss.
What? But this is important!
Somebody capable needs to stay
and keep the others
out of trouble.
You can count on me!
Mind hangin' on to these
for me while I'm gone?
No problem.
Whoa, they're heavy!
Wait for us here, Luffy.
We'll look for the others
while we're down there, okay?
'Kay.
[FRANKY, USOPP grunt]
[LUFFY]
Where'd this fog come from?
[NAMI] The temperature dropped
when the sun went down.
That rock formation is more
like a geyser than a volcano.
That explains why
it's so humid here.
[BROOK, CHOPPER screaming]
[BROOK]
Tweet Tweet! Burp Burp!
Uh, I-I mean Chirp Chirp!
Wake up!
[roaring]
[screams]
[CHOPPER, BROOK scream]
What is that?!
What's happening?
Why isn't that thing
chasing us anymore?
Chirp Chirp, take us down
for a closer look!
[grunting]
[BROOK] Oh, it'll eat us and
leave nothing behind but bones!
Though, I'm already
just bones, so... Ahh!
[MUSHROOMCONDA grunting]
[BROOK] Well, that
certainly explains things.
[CHOPPER]
It's gotta be painful.
Brook, play him some music!
If you get him to relax,
maybe we can help him!
Normally, I'd be happy to,
but doing so would also allow
the Navy to know exactly
where to find us.
We can't just leave
him like this!
Chirp, chirp!
[BROOK exhales]
Agreed. We need to help.
Listen closely, slithery one.
To my healing melody.
[violin plays]
Heavy Point!
[CHOPPER grunts]
[music continues]
Hold on a little longer.
I'll save you, no matter what!
[BROOK, CHIRP CHIRP grunting]
[BROOK yelps]
[BROOK]
Just take it easy.
I assure you, Chopper
is a wonderful doctor.
[CHOPPER] This might hurt
a bit, so be strong.
[BROOK]
Hey, what's the matter?
It's that scent!
The Rebound Mushroom!
Yes, you're right! The color
and shape match the image!
Chirp, chirp!
[BROOK]
Be careful up there!
Hey, listen!
Let's give him a name!
Like, "Mushroomconda"!
[MUSHROOMCONDA grunts]
I must say. I like it!
It has the fungi
reference as well
as paying homage to his
reptile-like form.
Chirp, chirp!
[laughs]
[laughing]
[CHOPPER]
Oh, no!
[BROOK]
Ohh, I knew it!
The dulcet tones of my
healing melody led the Navy
right to our doorstep!
Man, the air is getting
really sticky.
Hey, is it just me, or is
the smell of seawater in
this fog getting stronger?
Now that you mention it...
Uh! That's it! This fog formed
because the seawater
underground got heated up!
So like ocean fog, but on land?
Whatever it is, it's
sure doin' us a favor.
Now it's easier to hide!
[USOPP]
Yeah.
Wait. It also means
there's a thin layer of
seawater all around us!
Luffy, are you feeling okay?
[LUFFY]
Not really.
[gasps]
[LUFFY] I'm getting
weaker by the second.
[FOXY sighs]
[KANSHO]
Whoa! Boss, take it easy!
Ugh, how pathetic.
If they were to attack
me now, I'd be done for.
Don't talk like that.
[KOMEI]
So, Straw Hat Luffy.
How are you feeling?
A bit like you're sinking
into the sea, I suppose.
What a tragic set
of circumstances!
This is my second plan.
"Nighttime Fog Maneuver"!
Enough of this "maneuver" crap!
[USOPP SCREAMS]
Let there be Nipple Light!
[USOPP grunting]
Come on! Can't those light
be somewhere less gross?
Intruders underground.
Two people detected.
Yes. Just as I predicted.
Where are they now?
[DOJAKU] Not too far
from this operation room.
Vice Admiral. I just
received an update
from the detachment force
on Mushroom Island.
They say they've successfully
taken custody of
several pirates, including
the Straw Hat's doctor,
musician, and several members
of the Foxy Pirates.
[KOMEI grunts]
It's all going as planned!
Announce to all soldiers:
we're moving to the third plan!
The final phase of the
operation is at hand!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
All right!
[FRANKY grunts]
Aww, crap!
[USOPP yelps]
[USOPP groaning]
[FRANKY screams]
Franky!
What's that light?
What's going on?
[LUFFY gasps]
He got electrocuted!
Hey! Franky!
[KOMEI chuckles]
You are such a bastard!
Not even a cyborg could
withstand the amount
of electricity that
surged through there.
Give up. [chuckles]
You can't just hang around
upside down like that forever!
[KOMEI]
An update, Straw Hat!
Cyborg Franky and Sniper King
are both in my custody.
The reindeer and skeleton you
left behind are mine, as well!
Chopper and Brook, too?
I hate this guy.
[KOMEI laughs] I'd say
you're in pretty bad shape.
Out of your entire crew,
the Cat Burglar is the only
friend you've got left.
No matter how you look at it,
you now appear to be
greatly outmatched.
With that in mind,
I'd like to offer to change
the rules a little bit.
[NAMI]
Change them?
Whatever you have in mind,
I'm sure we're gonna hate it!
[KOMEI laughs] While it's not
yet sunrise, I'm going to take
all of your captured friends
outside to the surface.
In exchange for doing so,
I want you to come and
get them on your own.
[NAMI] Enough!
We're sick of all these games!
[KOMEI]
Are you in or not?
Make your declaration
loud and clear!
[FOXY] Hey! What about
Porche and Hamburg?
[KOMEI] If you can make it
to them before the sun rises
above the horizon,
I will allow you to
trade yourself
for their freedom.
[FOXY] I asked you
a question, Navy man!
[KOMEI]
If you fail in your attempt,
or decide not to
turn yourself in,
your crewmates will be sent
to Impel Down, as arranged.
Are you in?
What do we do?
No matter what happens,
I'm not letting you take them!
Luffy.
[KANSHO gulps]
[KOMEI]
Hmph. Very well, then.
Let the challenge commence!
He ignored me.
[LUFFY grunts]
Whoa! Easy!
[NAMI gasps]
[gasps]
Don't worry.
I won't leave without your
friends, too, Split-Head.
[NAMI]
Luffy!
I'm fine! I have to
do this by myself.
[LUFFY groans]
[NAMI]
Luffy!
[FOXY gasps]
Straw Hat...
[LUFFY grunting]
I can't believe this.
The formidable
Straw Hat pirates
brought down like
they were nothing!
Come on, boss!
We can't let Straw Hat
do this on his own!
He needs us!
Huh? What are you doing?
We know Komei isn't going
to play by the rules.
We gotta help him!
Hey, wait a second!
Straw Hat was kind enough
to bring us here with him.
Now it's our turn
to help him out!
I agree, but--
[NAMI]
Gonzo is right! Let's move!
[KANSHO]
It's Kansho!
[NAMI]
Split-Head! I know this might be
rough for you, but do your best!
[FOXY]
Still calling me that?!
[LUFFY panting]
[USOPP grunting]
[LUFFY]
It's Zoro!
And Sanji!
Robin!
Franky!
Usopp!
Huh? I hear Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Hey, guys!
[USOPP]
L-Luffy, wait! It's a trap!
Don't come any closer.
[LUFFY]
Hang on.
I'll save you.
[USOPP]
Wait a sec.
Did you come here by yourself?
Where's Nami? And the others?
Luffy, stay back!
S-Stay away.
[USOPP] Didn't you hear me?!
It's a trap!
Look, I know it is.
[USOPP]
Luffy!
[gasps]
[LUFFY] Sorry it took me
so long to get here.
Now let's get off this annoying
island so we can head back out
to sea and continue our
adventures together!
You hear me?
I'll save you, and nothing's
gonna stop me!
Stubborn idiot.
He just won't quit.
Fine! If you won't listen,
then save us!
[LUFFY chuckles, yelps]
[STRAW HATS gasp]
Luffy, no!
[LUFFY]
Man, that was close!
[ALL sigh]
Thank goodness!
Don't scare us like that!
[LUFFY]
Sorry!
[USOPP]
Hey! What's wrong?
I don't know.
I feel even weaker
than I did before!
What is that?
[KOMEI]
I must admit,
hidden pitfalls happen
to be my favorite traps.
Although it's one of the most
simple forms of deception
ever conceived, it remains
quite effective.
An "oldie, but a goodie,"
if you will.
[LUFFY grunting]
[KOMEI]
I call this one...
These absurd deep-seeded
feelings you hold for your crew
will ultimately be your undoing.
Below you, there is seawater.
Ah, that explains it.
[KOMEI]
It's the same advantage,
but it keeps working
over and over again.
[LUFFY groans]
You jerk.
[KOMEI]
Are you scared yet?
When I was a child,
I experienced an
even greater terror.
And the ones responsible
for inflicting that fear
were none other than
a band of pirates!
They rampaged
through my hometown.
It was a hideous tragedy that
I couldn't stand to witness!
Pirates are pure evil!
Understand?
When I came of age,
I joined the Navy to fight
against the pirate scourge
and eradicate it! However,
I then faced a shameful reality.
Both the World Government,
and the Navy, tolerated pirates
to help maintain
order on the seas!
The people at the top can't see
how ordinary citizens
are living under the constant
threat of pirate violence!
The Great Pirate Era will
never end at this rate!
The powers-that-be hope
to save the world
by countering violence
with violence!
Does that leave those
without special abilities
unable to fight back
or defend themselves?
Nay! Mankind still has a weapon.
And that would be its wisdom!
Using my maneuvers and cunning,
I will bring an end to
this cycle of violence!
Only then will those who
have lived in constant fear
finally have hope!
To accomplish that, I'm even
willing to reform the Navy!
And you people are to be
sacrifices for that ray of hope!
[LUFFY grunting]
Leave him alone!
[KOMEI] You and the rest of your
crew knew that something
like this was bound to happen
when you chose this life.
I see no reason why anyone in
their right mind would do so.
Then you're blind,
Weirdo Fan Guy.
Huh?
Nothing comes close
to a life of adventure!
[KOMEI] Out of your mind,
just as I said.
[LUFFY] Pirates choose
what they wanna do,
and where they wanna go!
Anywhere across the open sea!
[KOMEI]
That confirms it.
It's impossible for me to
understand you and your kind!
[KOMEI]
Hmph.
[LUFFY gasping]
--[SANJI, ZORO gasp]
--Luffy, no!
[LUFFY grunting]
[KOMEI laughing]
[KOMEI]
Going down fighting, eh?
I admire you for that.
[ZORO]
Wait. Is that...?
Afraid so.
It's Haki!
[USOPP]
Is he dancing?
[KOMEI]
Armament Haki!
I use my spirit,
and channel its energy
directly to my fan!
[ROBIN gasps]
Oh, crap! Is he for real?
Now then.
[KOMEI]
To honor our battle,
and out of respect
for your tenacity,
I'll finish you off myself.
One final push
with this sword...
...will be enough
to put an end to this.
I'll watch you sink down
to your final resting place
with my own two eyes!
No, don't do it!
Luffy!
[KOMEI laughing]
[KOMEI laughs]
[NAMI]
Heat Egg!
[SANJI]
It's Nami!
[USOPP whimpers]
The fog is clearing up!
Let's move!
[USOPP]
You came!
[ROBIN]
Nami!
[NAMI]
Where's Luffy?
[USOPP] Down in that pit,
drowning in seawater!
[NAMI]
What?!
Behind you!
[NAMI grunts]
Luffy!
I'm counting on you!
Save him! Ahh!
[USOPP]
Nami! Nami!
[KOMEI chuckles]
[FOXY]
Surprise.
Move so much as an inch,
and I'll blow your head off.
[USOPP]
Whoa! Good job!
Piece of cake!
[USOPP] Be careful!
He knows how to use Haki!
Without the fog,
we have the upper hand.
Now.
Step away from the hole.
Nice and slow.
Don't try anything stupid.
There we go! Good boy!
What have you done
with my friends?
Where are they?
I won't tell you.
Find them yourself.
Kansho, hold this for me.
Sure!
Hey! Help save Nami and Luffy!
Oh, right!
[NAMI gasps]
Grab it and hold tight!
[NAMI]
Pull us up!
[FOXY grunts]
--[USOPP] Nami!
--My back!
How's Luffy? Is he okay?
I don't think he's breathing!
--[USOPP] What?!
--[NAMI] Luffy!
[USOPP]
Come on, Luffy! Please!
[FOXY]
Hey! Wake up!
Come on! Breathe!
[FOXY grunting]
[FOXY]
Straw Hat!
[FOXY grunting]
Luffy! Come on! Wake up!
Luffy.
[FOXY]
Open your eyes!
Say something!
We didn't go through all this
just so you could die here!
You said you were gonna be
King of the Pirates! Come on!
Luffy, please.
Ow! Easy!
[LUFFY coughs]
Oh!
[LUFFY coughing]
Luffy!
Thank goodness.
[sighs]
[FOXY]
You scared me, Straw Hat.
Yeah, same here.
[LUFFY]
All right.
Time to get outta here!
Right!
You said it!
Right after we rescue
Split-Head's friends!
Straw Hat, wait!
No. Luffy!
[NAMI]
Luffy.
Are you...?
Luffy!
[USOPP whimpers]
Is... Is he...?
[FOXY gasping]
Kansho!
What did you do?
What in the hell did you do?
[KOMEI laughs]
It's called...
When one turns his
back on his ally,
it's usually the best
chance to attack!
Straw Hat lowered
his guard for a bit
when he got out of
the pitfall safely.
At that moment everything was in
place to take the perfect shot!
[KANSHO]
Boss.
Sharpshooter.
Sorry about this. But I was
really just doing my job.
[USOPP gasping]
Stupid bastard!
Luffy, wake up! Come on!
Bullets don't hurt you!
Get up, already!
Please, Luffy!
Snap out of it!
It's unforgivable.
You guys are dead!
Take this! Thunder Lance!
[KOMEI laughing]
[FOXY, NAMI scream]
[FOXY groaning]
[KOMEI]
Arrest them!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
[MARINES cheer]
[USOPP gasping]
Oh, we're screwed now!
[NAMI groaning]
[ROBIN]
Easy, Nami!
[MARINE BB]
Don't move!
Ah, I'm losing my strength.
[KOMEI]
Victory is mine!
Behold! The man with a
400 million berry bounty,
one of the highest
in the Supernovas!
I've captured him, and the
rest of his infamous crew!
As of this day, the Straw
Hat pirates are no more!
[MARINES cheering]
[USOPP whimpers]
You did it, Vice Admiral
Komei! Well done!
The capture of the Straw
Hat pirates truly marks
the beginning of the end
of the Great Pirate Era!
Damn right, it does!
[MARINES] The formidable
Vice Admiral Komei!
His name resounds
all over the great sea!
The formidable
Vice Admiral Komei!
His name resounds
all over the great sea!
The formidable
Vice Admiral Komei!
His name resounds
all over the great sea!
Now I can learn your
skills as our captive!
--[KOMEI] Dojaku!
--Sir!
[KOMEI] We'll take all seven
of them to Navy Headquarters.
Begin preparations immediately!
[DOJAKU]
Yes, sir!
Now!
[DOJAKU] Feast your eyes upon
this, you despicable pirates!
I, Dojaku the genius,
have created the
greatest machine
the world has
ever seen! [laughs]
[DOJAKU]
Uh, huh?
[KOMEI grunts]
[MARINES gasping]
[MUSHROOMCONDA roars]
What the hell?
A mushroom? Or a snake?
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Hang on, boss!
I don't believe it!
Huh?
[DOJAKU] But I thought
our forces captured them!
[ROBIN]
Thank goodness!
[BROOK laughing]
We made it!
I'm so glad you're okay!
Not for long!
[gasps]
[MARINES scream]
[USOPP]
Awesome!
[MARINES screaming]
[CHOPPER]
Let's do this!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Yeah!
[ALL grunt]
[CHIRP CHIRP]
Chirp, chirp!
[CHOPPER]
Kung Fu Point!
[MARINES groaning]
Nice one, Brook!
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
[BROOK laughs]
--[FOXY gasps]
--[BROOK] Huh?
[MARINES gasping]
[PICKLES chuckles]
[BIG PAN laughs]
[shouts]
[MARINES yelling]
[PICKLES, BIG PAN grunting]
[ALL laughing]
[KOMEI grunts]
Go! All of you, charge!
[MARINES yelling]
[ITOMIMIZU]
Sneeze.
Mushroom powder!
[MARINES sneezing]
[ITOMIMIZU]
Take a whiff!
[MARINES sneezing]
[MARINES yell]
[MUSHROOMCONDA]
Hm?
[MARINES gasp]
[DOJAKU whimpers]
[MARINES gasping]
[DOJAKU]
No! What are you doing?
My machine!
I didn't even get to unveil it!
[MUSHROOMCONDA chuckles]
Feels good to be free!
--Here you go!
--Thanks a lot!
--[MARINES screaming]
--[PICKLES, BIG PAN laughing]
[CAPOTE]
You're not hurt, are you?
No, I'm fine. Thank you,
you're very kind.
Aww, it's nothing.
Be sure to unlock Franky, too.
Sure, my pleasure!
--[MARINE X yelling]
--Thanks for that, Brook!
Is Sanji okay?
Wait. We heard you
guys got captured.
What happened?
That was all a lie.
Eh?
I was the one who called them
on the transponder snail.
We figured if we told him that,
Komei would lower his guard.
And it worked like a charm!
[CHOPPER] And Mushroomconda
turned out to be
a really good friend!
After I collected the Rebound
Mushrooms and made medicine
out of them, he carried us
all the way here!
Drink this. Chopper says
it'll fix you right up.
This should help. Here.
Hey, uh. Mind uncuffing
me, too, please?
[ITOMIMIZU]
Boss!
[CAPOTE]
Catch!
Ahh! That's more
like it! I'm back!
[sneezing]
[ITOMIMIZU]
Sorry. Here.
This is the antidote
for Porche and Hamburg.
Whoa! Great work!
I feel like I was
having a nightmare.
--He's back to normal!
--Indeed!
[CHOPPER]
Sanji!
Thanks for that.
Now, I'm free!
That did the trick!
[CHOPPER]
Uh-huh!
Yeah!
[USOPP, CHOPPER gasping]
[BROOK gasping]
[USOPP, CHOPPER, BROOK gasp]
All right. Let's do this.
It's time to break some stuff.
If that's your plan, take these!
Thanks, Split-Head.
I appreciate it.
[FOXY] Even now,
he still called me that.
You need a different kind of
recharge, right, big guy?
[gasps]
[FRANKY]
Super big comeback!
Luffy!
That cowardly traitor Kansho
shot him in the back!
[FRANKY]
Say what?
Bullets can't hurt you--
you're made of rubber!
Wake up, Luffy!
I can't believe this.
Oh, no. If only we'd gotten
here a little sooner.
[KOMEI]
What a pity. You're too late.
You couldn't turn it around.
Too bad.
Call it "fate."
You bastard!
[chuckles]
[pin laughing]
That's my voice!
[ALL]
Huh?
[LUFFY]
--[ALL gasp]
--[FOXY] What the hell?
Whoa! What was that?
[GROUP]
That's what woke you up?!
Impossible! There's no
way I missed him!
[pin chattering]
[GROUP]
Huh?
No! No one can be that lucky!
[FOXY chatters]
[CHOPPER gasps]
I'm sorry, Split-Head.
I think it's broken.
That's lame. I really liked it.
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
You honestly liked that thing?
Dammit!
[ALL]
Huh?
My, what an impressive shot!
Heh, heh.
No way!
Now you're gonna
get yours, traitor!
Nine-tails Rush!
--[KANSHO groans]
--[MARINES gasp]
[spluttering]
You're next, Navy man!
[FOXY groaning]
--[CREW] Foxy!
--[LUFFY] Split-Head!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Hang on, boss!
Stay still! Don't move!
Thank goodness!
Are you okay?
[SANJI]
Don't push yourself.
Thanks, big sis!
I mean, lady!
[ROBIN] Don't mention it.
I was returning the favor.
Big sis? Ugh.
[MARINES screaming]
[LUFFY]
All right!
Let's leave for real this time!
[ALL]
Yeah!
Hey! Split-Head Fox-taro!
What?! What is it?!
Your friends are being
held over in that tower.
In that tower, huh?
Thanks for the tip, great cook!
Let's go get 'em!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Yeah!
[FOXY]
Pickles! Big Pan!
You take care of things here!
[BIG PAN, PICKLES]
Right!
[ZORO yells]
[MARINES groaning]
[ZORO]
Oni Giri!
[MARINES gasping]
[MARINES groaning]
[MARINES yell]
[KOMEI] Your luck and will
to survive are impressive.
I commend you.
I thought that I had taken every
precaution, but your friends,
the doctor and the musician,
totally pulled one over on me.
But this isn't over yet!
Not by a long shot!
You're still on this island!
I won't let you escape!
You'll never leave
this place alive!
[NAMI]
Heat Egg!
[MARINES screaming]
[NAMI]
How do like my little trick?
I call it the "Flare Maneuver"!
Huh?
Not a very clever name,
if you ask me.
Oh, forget it! I'm no good
at naming stuff like that!
[KOMEI]
I won't forgive evil!
I'll do whatever it takes
to allow people a chance
for serenity and
everlasting peace!
[NAMI grunts]
[KOMEI yells]
That isn't good!
[MARINE CC]
The outer rim!
[KOMEI] The basin of this
island sits below sea level.
[KOMEI] I would've preferred not
to use this last-ditch-effort
strategy, but you've left
me with no choice.
He'd take out his
own men to stop us!
Nami, get everybody out!
Yeah! Right!
[BROOK]
Thrust. Parry. Have at you!
[MARINES scream]
--[FRANKY grunts]
--[MARINES groan]
[MARINES groan]
[USOPP grunting]
[MARINE G yelps]
That seawater's gonna fill
this place up in minutes!
That guy...
He won't stop targeting power
holders with all this--
--It's here!
--[CHOPPER screams]
Looks like I'll get to
break even more stuff.
That Navy bastard is gonna
pay for humiliating me!
[NAMI] Come on,
there's no time for that.
We'll leave the rest to Luffy!
[KOMEI]
What a spectacular sight!
[LUFFY]
Hey, Weirdo Fan Guy!
This is a Navy base, right?
Aren't they gonna be mad
at you for destroying it?
[KOMEI]
Yes, I imagine they will.
But such things are
none of your concern.
If it helps me to bring
down the Straw Hats,
I'll take any punishment
they can think of for me.
It's worth it!
You're not leavin'
me much choice.
If I wanna leave,
I have to take you down.
[NAMI]
Let's make a dash for the Sunny!
[MARINES yell]
[MARINES groan]
[MARINES yelling]
[MARINE J yelps]
[FRANKY]
Huh?!
We're surrounded!
Still feeling a bit off,
aren't you, Moss Head?
Your face is a bit off.
Enough! Let's move!
Beam! Beam! Beam!
Beam! Beam! Beam! Beam!
[grunts] Slow-Slow Beam!
Slower! Slower!
[FOXY]
Gotcha! Slow-Slow Beam!
[FOXY panting]
[keys rattling]
Porche! Hamburg! I'm here!
Are you okay?!
Boss? Is that you?
Sorry it took so long.
I'm here to save you!
It's really him!
You're too kind!
Finally!
[BOTH]
Thank you, boss!
[FOXY] I-I'm sorry you two
had to go through all that.
[CAPOTE]
We don't have time for this!
[FOXY]
You're right.
Oh! I brought you the antidote!
Drink up.
[HAMBURG gulping]
[HAMBURG cheers]
That did the trick!
I feel fantastic!
[MARINE DD]
There they are!
[MARINE EE]
After them!
[FOXY]
Slow-Slow Beam!
[MARINES]
Again?!
[MARINE ZK gasps]
[FOXY PIRATE E]
Look! The beam wore off!
Pirate bastards!
Shut up already!
What's going on out there?
They came down and took the
three Straw Hats out earlier.
Straw Hat himself
is fighting outside.
He and his crew
are raising hell!
We need to get out of here
and meet them at their ship!
You guys go ahead,
we'll be along shortly.
Huh?
There's something here
we want to take back,
no matter what it takes.
There is? What is it?
[PORCHE] We'll catch up with
you in a bit. See you soon!
[HAMBURG grunting]
[FOXY] Hey! I didn't save you
just so you could--!
Fine, whatever. The rest
of you, get top-side.
I'll look after them.
What are you
talking about, boss?
We're all your friends
till the end!
We'll follow you into the mouth
of hell, if we have to!
You guys are the best!
Once again, I've robbed you
of the full strength of
your Devil Fruit powers.
It's easier to catch you
when you can't put up a fight.
Once I get all my friends back,
I'm outta here.
Nothing you can do
to change that.
Enough mindless banter!
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY]
Now Gum-Gum...
...Pistol!
Double shot!
[LUFFY]
Stamp!
[KOMEI grunts]
[LUFFY groaning]
[LUFFY pants]
That was close!
How tenacious.
But it's obvious that you're
moving slower now!
[KOMEI laughing]
[LUFFY] I'll never set foot
on an island like this again!
[KOMEI grunts]
It seems your time
is up, literally.
[SANJI] Looks like
the water stopped rising.
[PORCHE]
Oh! Choppy!
[CHOPPER gasps]
[ZORO]
Glad to see you two made it out!
[USOPP] Yeah! Now let's
get outta here, and fast!
[FOXY]
Hey, Straw Hats!
Where did all this
water come from?
[PORCHE]
Oh, no!
Wait. Just a sec.
This gives me a very good...
I mean, a very bad idea.
Hey, Cyborg! Carry me!
I need a lift!
[FRANKY]
Eh?
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY]
Cool!
I found a much better
place to stand.
[chuckling]
Quit this pirate life,
and go join a circus!
[LUFFY gasping]
Slow-Slow Beam!
[gasps] Split-Head!
--[KOMEI] You...
--[FOXY] Slow-Slow Beam!
[KOMEI grunts]
Gotcha! How do you like that?!
Hey! Hit that cannonball
as much as you want!
Even though the seawater
weakened you, if you go
"more-more" like me, you can
still be very powerful!
Give it a try!
You know, for a Split-head,
you're really smart!
--[FOXY] Gak!
--Right!
[yelling]
Looks like everything's
taken care of.
Let's head to the ship!
[LUFFY] More, more, more, more,
more, more, more, more...
More, more, more, more, more,
more, more, more, more, more!
[PORCHE]
Choppy!
[LUFFY] More, more, more,
more, more, more, more!
That's 30 seconds!
[LUFFY]
It's hot!
[LUFFY laughs]
[NAMI]
The water's draining!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
He did it!
[ZORO chuckles]
I'll call it "Gum-Gum Pitfall"!
What?
[LUFFY]
You love pitfalls, right?
You said so!
You thought Split-Head was
some kinda idiot, didn't you?
Well, he came up with this plan.
How does that feel?
Now the seawater's drained.
C'mon!
[KOMEI] Never underestimate
a Navy Vice Admiral!
[LUFFY grunts]
[KOMEI]
You may be tough,
but you're far from being
in top condition.
My Haki should be enough
to take care of you!
[LUFFY] I don't mind
if you hate pirates--
you're a Navy guy, after all--
but I'm not gonna let you do
anything to hurt my friends!
Not ever!
I'll die to protect them,
if that's what it takes!
I'm tired of having this
fruitless conversation with you.
Let's settle this,
once and for all!
[BOTH grunting]
Now, Gum-Gum...
[LUFFY]
...Red Hawk!
[yells]
[groans]
[grunts]
He did it!
Hey! Let's get to the ship!
--[SANJI] Yeah!
--[FRANKY] Hurry up!
[FOXY]
O-Okay!
[PORCHE, HAMBURG]
Boss! Run faster!
Damn you...
...pirate.
Damn you.
[FOXY]
Hey, where's Straw Hat?
Did we leave him behind?
[SANJI] Don't worry,
he'll be here any minute.
[ROBIN] The problem is
those warships on standby.
[NAMI] Normally, we could
rely on the Coup de Burst
for a getaway, but...
[FRANKY] Used all the cola
for it on the way here.
[CAPOTE]
Cola, you say? No problem!
[USOPP]
What?
We stole them from
the Navy base.
[USOPP] Whoa, when did
you guys get here?
[FOXY laughs]
Then we just need Luffy.
[ZORO]
He's here.
[BROOK grunts]
[CHOPPER laughs]
[laughs]
Right! Let's set sail!
[TSURU]
I see.
What about Komei?
[MARINE AA] We brought him along
with all his soldiers aboard
the Navy warship
that was on standby.
Very good.
Thank you for the update.
[MARINE AA]
Yes, ma'am.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL C]
Click.
He pushed them quite far,
but it still wasn't enough.
What a shame.
Your grandson never
misses an opportunity
to get in our way, does he.
Even in this era of
supernatural strength,
if you have ingenuity,
you can still hold your own.
That's the point Komei
was trying to make,
and he wants to prove
it to the world.
[GARP]
Oh, that guy!
I remember him!
I always thought,
"He's such a scrawny thing.
Is he gonna be okay?"
I'm newly assigned
to this unit, sir!
Corporal Komei,
reporting for duty!
[GARP]
That belief of his--
not wanting to depend
on Devil Fruits for power.
To be honest, I kind of like it.
Don't worry about him!
He won't buckle because
he lost this time!
He's tougher than that!
[GARP laughs]
Stop laughing like you don't
have a care in the world.
[LUFFY] What are you gonna
do about your ship?
It's all different now.
[FOXY]
We'll sail it,
even with all those hi-tech
knick knacks I don't understand.
That Dojaku guy didn't
cut corners, at least.
[LUFFY]
Yeah?
Well, it's a cool ship,
so that'll work.
The most important thing onboard
is those two over there.
And luckily, we took back
the second most
important thing, too.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[HAMBURG sings]
Oh! The awesome
Jolly Roger I drew for ya!
[FOXY] At first, I didn't
even want to look
at this annoying thing,
but now...
I'm thinking it's not
so bad after all.
It's almost like we
can't even call ourselves
the Foxy Pirates without it.
That's really great to hear!
It's cool when someone
likes stuff I do.
I want to thank you for
fighting alongside me.
But the temporary cease-fire
ends now, Straw Hat!
And that means from
this moment on,
we are enemies once again!
Slow-Slow Beam!
--That won't work, Split-Head.
--Huh?!
[LUFFY]
Cause I'm made of rubber.
Nah, I'm just kidding!
You're so predictable.
[FOXY PIRATES gasp]
Wow, and after everything we
just went through together...
You have no shame
at all, do you.
You deserve a Thunderbolt...
Tempo!
[FOXY PIRATES groan]
[FOXY PIRATES]
What are you doing to boss?
[NAMI]
Idiots.
[LUFFY laughs]
Man, you guys are dumb.
That was so funny!
[LUFFY laughing]
[FOXY PIRATE C]
See you later, Straw Hat!
[FOXY PIRATE D]
You were awesome, as always!
Next time, let's have a Davy
Back Fight for real, okay?
No way! I don't
want that at all!
I'm interested.
You can count me in.
What?!
It would be my first one in
decades. I think it'd be fun!
It might sound fun to you guys,
but that's because you didn't go
through the same
nonsense we did.
[MUSHROOMCONDA grunting]
See ya later!
Bye, Mushroomconda!
Saying goodbye to an animal.
There's something about it that
always cuts me to the bone.
Bye, you guys!
Later, Split-Head!
[FOXY]
That jerk.
He called me that right
at the very last moment.
[PORCHE]
Oh, boss.
[HAMBURG laughs]
Cause I'm gonna save my friends
and nothing's gonna stop me!
Come on.
[PORCHE]
Boss?
[FOXY]
It's nothing.
I'm just glad you two
are back, safe and sound.
And the rest of the crew.
[PORCHE]
Boss...
[FOXY] We've been through a lot,
but I still believe in us.
Let's rebuild the Foxy crew!
Okay!
[laughing]
Never forget that we
are pirates.
We're free to go on any kind
of adventure we want!
I'll go my own way,
no matter what happens.
[PORCHE]
Uh. O-Okay.
[HAMBURG laughs] He can't
decide where he wants to go.
There are some things I'd like
to talk to you two about.
But that can wait until later!
Now listen up!
We aren't going to stop yet!
Let's continue on our way,
merrily and greedily!
[FOXY PIRATES]
Yeah!
[SANJI]
Time for a banquet to celebrate
getting off that island!
[ALL gasping]
[LUFFY laughs]
Sanji, this is amazing!
[SANJI] Well, I hope it makes
up for some of the trouble
I caused. Enjoy!
[CHOPPER]
Trouble is right!
Do you have any idea
how hard it was
to find those Rebound Mushrooms?
[SANJI]
Look, I'm sorry, okay?
[ROBIN]
Honestly!
You're so hopeless
when it comes to women.
[SANJI] Oh, Robin!
You look so beautiful,
even when you're saying
such mean things to me!
[ZORO laughs]
[SANJI] Eh? What's so funny,
you drowsy moss ball?
[ZORO] Don't try to pick a fight
with me just because
Robin dropped a
ton of truth on ya!
--[SANJI, ZORO growl]
--[thuds]
[NAMI]
That's enough out of you two!
[SANJI, ZORO]
Okay.
[FRANKY chuckles]
That sleepy-time look
you guys had on your faces
was super hilarious!
[SANJI, ZORO gasp]
[BROOK] You think we'll ever run
into that Vice Admiral again?
[USOPP]
Hmmm. Yeah, probably.
[LUFFY] I'll fight him as
many times as I have to!
[ZORO] If it weren't
for that stupid mushroom,
I woulda pounded him!
[SANJI] I'm glad those things
only grow on that island.
[NAMI] Zoro, there's
something poking out
of your belly warmer-thing.
[ZORO]
Huh? What're you--
[STRAW HATS scream]
[ZORO]
Where'd that come from?!
[SANJI]
Keep that thing away from me!
--[LUFFY] Zoro, pass it here!
--[ZORO] Stop it!
[SANJI]
No! Throw it overboard!
[NAMI]
Enough!
[ROBIN laughs]
This is fun!